Allow `credentials` instead of key/secret for the S3 store (#282)
tus/tus-node-server: README.md

    });
    ```

>     using [credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/AWS/Credentials.html#constructor-property) (the example below uses [ECSCredentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/AWS.html#ECSCredentials-property))

Reviewer: the first link refers to `AWS.Credentials`, which we don't use, so is that relevant?

The second link states that the `AWS_CONTAINER_CREDENTIALS_RELATIVE_URI` or the `AWS_CONTAINER_CREDENTIALS_FULL_URI` environment variable needs to be present for this to work? If so, we should document that.

Lastly, we should explain what `ECSCredentials` does. I'm also wondering if `credentials` can take other classes then  `ECSCredentials`? Do you know?

Author: So if your application is gonna run inside ECS container the ECS will inject this env variable on your container and the `AWS.ECSCredentials` class will do the thing to resolve it into Key/Secret.
Yeah `AWS.ECSCredentials` is just one of the subclass of `AWS.Credentials`

    });
    ```

>     using [credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/AWS/Credentials.html#constructor-property)
> 
>     You can refer to the AWS docs for the supported values for `credentials`.
> 
>     (the example below uses [AWS.ECSCredentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/AWS.html#ECSCredentials-property), to fetch credentials inside a AWS container, such as an ECS container, which will inject the required environment variables. The `credentials` config is directly passed into the AWS SDK so.)
>     ```js
> 
>     server.datastore = new tus.S3Store({
>         path: '/files',
>         bucket: 'bucket-name',
>         credentials: new AWS.ECSCredentials({
>             httpOptions: { timeout: 5000 },
>             maxRetries: 10,
>         }),
>         region: 'eu-west-1',
>         partSize: 8 * 1024 * 1024, // each uploaded part will have ~8MB,
>         tmpDirPrefix: 'tus-s3-store',
>     });
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using [credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/AWS/Credentials.html#constructor-property) to fetch credentials inside a AWS container, such as an ECS container, which will inject the required environment variables. The `credentials` config is directly passed into the AWS SDK so you can refer to the AWS docs for the supported values for `credentials`.

For example, with `ECSCredentials`:
    
    ```js
    server.datastore = new tus.S3Store({
        path: '/files',
        bucket: 'bucket-name',
        credentials: new AWS.ECSCredentials({
            httpOptions: { timeout: 5000 },
            maxRetries: 10,
        }),
        region: 'eu-west-1',
        partSize: 8 * 1024 * 1024, // each uploaded part will have ~8MB,
        tmpDirPrefix: 'tus-s3-store',
    });
    ```
```

    });
    ```

    using [credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/AWS/Credentials.html#constructor-property)

    You can also use other subclass of of AWS.Credentials
    - AWS.ChainableTemporaryCredentials
    - AWS.CognitoIdentityCredentials
    - AWS.CredentialProviderChain
    - AWS.ECSCredentials
    - AWS.EC2MetadataCredentials
    - AWS.EnvironmentCredentials
    - AWS.FileSystemCredentials
    - AWS.ProcessCredentials
    - AWS.RemoteCredentials
    - AWS.SAMLCredentials
    - AWS.SharedIniFileCredentials
    - AWS.SsoCredentials
    - AWS.TemporaryCredentials
    - AWS.TokenFileWebIdentityCredentials

>     - AWS.WebIdentityCredentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    using [credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/AWS/Credentials.html#constructor-property) to fetch credentials inside a AWS container, such as an ECS container, which will inject the required environment variables. The `credentials` config is directly passed into the AWS SDK so you can refer to the AWS docs for the supported values for `credentials`.
